what is going on youtube this is josh
ninja 711 back with another NBA 2k14
video now write really quick I have a
foot locker code for you box of
chocolates actually have two octopodes
in this video but make sure you guys go
enter in this locker so just how i have
written it on the screen it'll give you
a free random item at ma to get 14 so
let's see what we get and we get a free
silver pack ah then I was expecting much
more to spackle of people I saw on
Twitter got diamond Duncan diamond Colby
dive in Durant 20,000 vc but we get
stuck with a silver pack so you know we
are just going to open up and let's see
what we get in the in the pack so you
know silver pag not really expecting
much probably is gonna be a strong
silver player or maybe I'm gonna get a
gold player on a silver package happen
before back on her and Jen so we'll see
if it happens on next-gen alright guess
we are gonna we are here about open up
our locker code pack so let's open bad
boy up let's see who we got my expecting
much but make sure to stay tuned for
this video I will be opening a historic
pack right after this one so we get a
standing dunk + 6 and I think this might
be the player let's see we get and we
get Brandon Rush not bad probably
selling because he is garbage but
anyways you know going down the list
you're gonna get a dallas mavericks
alternate jersey nothing to brag about
and also we get AIDS oh nice and black
classic jersey all right so i don't know
if you know but i just watched the bad
boy pistons um documentary so you know I
i saw this pack you know it's hiding
back here so i just get one back here
you know six thousand vc down the drain
let's hope we can pull off a good player
in this pack so you see I Kurt Rambis
and Billy Thompson right there but let's
see come on hoping maybe Isaiah Thomas
Joe Dumars Dennis Rodman Bill Laimbeer
so many players mark a guy or self you
never know who I'm gonna get in this
packet let's see scrolling down the list
and we are gonna get a jersey real quick
classic home not bad how here we go I
think it's time for the player and let's
hear a play I still need to do so many
more pressure diamond Jordan and we get
Vinnie Johnson not bad not bad solid
player for this team but Vinnie Johnson
is not we're looking for alright guys so
I sold a few things just now and I have
18,000 empty as you can see on the
bottom left hand of your screen so we
are gonna go ahead and open up one more
Pistons pack with Mt and you know I
normally get better things that i use
empty so let's see weekend is packed we
just previously pulled Vinnie Johnson so
you know we're hoping to pull off
possibly a bill laimbeer or Joe Dumars
you never know Dennis Rodman would be
great for this team as we get a bruiser
right there I gotta go sulk in contrast
real quick because I don't want those
duplicates and we get mark AG liar let's
go I can live with that Mark McGwire is
a great player probably gonna come off
the bench for this team and we also get
the piston of the Palace of Auburn Hills
alright guys she doesn't take a quick
look at my team I got Tim Hardaway
Michael Jordan Chris Mullin diamond
Katie hey uh what is emerald Anthony
Davis I believe we got a scale goodrich
bro be Mick Richmond Tim Duncan not the
half a diamond Tim Duncan but still a
pretty good team don't
we have the oldest or a ruby Iguodala
and lastly we get a gold Michael Cooper
so this is my team come to me guys think
of it I am currently wrapping the record
or the Christmas Lakers Jersey as well
as the retro sixties Jersey so yeah hope
you guys enjoyed this video if you guys
did make sure to leave a like and check
out the giveaway I'm doing on my channel